♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I'M OUT A LUCK,
OUT A LOVE GOTTA
PHOTOGRAPH,
PICTURE OF ♪
♪ PASSION KILLER,
YOU'RE TOO MUCH YOU'RE
THE ONLY ONE I ♪
♪ WANT TO TOUCH I
SEE YOUR FACE EVERY
TIME I DREAM ON ♪
♪ EVERY PAGE, EVERY
MAGAZINE SO WILD AND
FREE SO FAR FROM ♪
♪ ME YOU'RE ALL I WANT,
MY FANTASY OH, LOOK
WHAT YOU'VE ♪
♪ DONE TO THIS ROCK
'N' ROLL CLOWN OH OH,
LOOK WHAT ♪
♪ YOU'VE DONE PHOTOGRAPH
I DON'T WANT YOUR
PHOTOGRAPH I ♪
♪ DON'T NEED YOUR
PHOTOGRAPH ALL I'VE GOT
IS A PHOTOGRAPH ♪
♪ BUT IT'S NOT ENOUGH
I'D BE YOUR LOVER, IF
YOU WERE ♪
♪ THERE PUT YOUR HURT
ON ME, IF YOU DARE
SUCH A WOMAN, ♪
♪ YOU GOT STYLE YOU
MAKE EVERY MAN FEEL
LIKE A CHILD, OH ♪
♪ YOU GOT SOME KINDA
HOLD ON ME YOU'RE ALL
WRAPPED UP IN ♪
♪ MYSTERY SO WILD SO
FREE AND FAR FROM ME
YOU'RE ALL I ♪
♪ WANT, MY FANTASY
OH, LOOK WHAT YOU'VE
DONE TO THIS ♪
♪ ROCK 'N' ROLL CLOWN
OH OH, LOOK WHAT
YOU'VE DONE I ♪
♪ GOTTA HAVE YOU
PHOTOGRAPH I DON'T WANT
YOUR PHOTOGRAPH I ♪
♪ DON'T NEED YOUR
PHOTOGRAPH ALL I'VE GOT
IS A PHOTOGRAPH ♪
♪ YOU'VE GONE STRAIGHT
TO MY HEAD ♪
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
♪ OH, LOOK
WHAT YOU'VE ♪
♪ DONE TO THIS ROCK
'N' ROLL CLOWN OH OH,
LOOK WHAT ♪
♪ YOU'VE DONE I GOTTA
HAVE YOU PHOTOGRAPH I
DON'T WANT YOUR ♪
♪ PHOTOGRAPH I DON'T
NEED YOUR PHOTOGRAPH ALL
I'VE GOT IS A ♪
♪ PHOTOGRAPH I WANT
TO TOUCH YOU
PHOTOGRAPH
PHOTOGRAPH ♪
♪ YOUR PHOTOGRAPH
PHOTOGRAPH PHOTOGRAPH
I NEED ONLY YOUR ♪
♪ PHOTOGRAPH I'M OUT A
LOVE PHOTOGRAPH I'M
OUT A LOVE ♪
♪ PHOTOGRAPH
YOU'RE THE ONLY
ONE ♪
♪ PHOTOGRAPH I
WANT TO TOUCH
♪